storage/sink/kafka: Allow configuring auto created topic for Kafka sinks (#27553)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/create-sink/kafka.md

### `CONNECTION` options

Field                               | Value  | Description
------------------------------------|--------|------------
`TOPIC`                             | `text`              | The name of the Kafka topic to write to.
`COMPRESSION TYPE`                  | `text`              | Default: `none`. The type of compression to apply to messages before they are sent to Kafka: `none`, `gzip`, `snappy`, `lz4`, or `zstd`.
`TRANSACTIONAL ID PREFIX`           | `text`              | The prefix of the transactional ID to use when producing to the Kafka topic.<br>Default: `materialize-{REGION ID}-{CONNECTION ID}-{SINK ID}`
`PROGRESS GROUP ID PREFIX`          | `text`              | The prefix of the consumer group ID to use when reading from the progress topic.<br>Default: `materialize-{REGION ID}-{CONNECTION ID}-{SINK ID}`

> `TOPIC REPLICATION FACTOR`          | `int`               | The replication factor to use when creating the Kafka topic (if applicable).<br>Default: Broker's default
> `TOPIC PARTITION COUNT`             | `int`               | The partition count to use when creating the Kafka topic (if applicable).<br>Default: Broker's default
> `PROGRESS TOPIC REPLICATION FACTOR` | `int`               | The partition count to use when creating the Kafka [progress topic](#exactly-once-processing) (if applicable).<br>Default: Broker's default
> `TOPIC CONFIG`                      | `map[text => text]` | Any topic-level configs to use when creating the Kafka topic (if applicable).<br>See [the kafka docs](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#topicconfigs) for available options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TOPIC REPLICATION FACTOR`          | `int`               | The replication factor to use when creating the Kafka topic (if the Kafka topic does not already exist).<br>Default: Broker's default
`TOPIC PARTITION COUNT`             | `int`               | The partition count to use when creating the Kafka topic (if the Kafka topic does not already exist).<br>Default: Broker's default
`PROGRESS TOPIC REPLICATION FACTOR` | `int`               | The partition count to use when creating the Kafka [progress topic](#exactly-once-processing) (if the Kafka topic does not already exist).<br>Default: Broker's default
`TOPIC CONFIG`                      | `map[text => text]` | Default: empty<br>Any topic-level configs to use when creating the Kafka topic (if the Kafka topic does not already exist).<br>See the [Kafka documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#topicconfigs) for available configs.
```

Took me a second to realize what you meant by "if applicable". I think it's worth being a bit more verbose but fully explicit. Also I think worth saying the default for the map is empty.

> `TOPIC CONFIG`                      | `map[text => text]` | Any topic-level configs to use when creating the Kafka topic (if applicable).<br>See [the kafka docs](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#topicconfigs) for available options.

Reviewer: Can you add `{{< warn-if-unreleased-inline "v0.104" }}` to each of these?

If the specified Kafka topic does not exist, Materialize will attempt to create
it using the broker's default number of partitions, default replication factor,
default compaction policy, and default retention policy, unless any specific
overrides are provided as part of the [connection options](#connection-options).

If the connection's [progress topic](#exactly-once-processing) does not exist,
Materialize will attempt to create it with a single partition, the broker's
default replication factor, compaction enabled, and both size- and time-based

> retention disabled. The replication factor can be overriden using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
retention disabled. The replication factor can be overridden using the
```
